{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20060\viewh11680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
ACM meeting - 02/03\
\
-> Red Hat coming to campus.\
	Andrea: Juan has let me know that RedHat people are coming to campus the week before Spring break.\
	Richard: When exactly?\
	Andrea: I think it\'92s right before the Pizza My Mind in that week. But I\'92m not sure.\
\
-> Information on the LAN Party\
	Andrea: The LAN party is coming up it is on fFriday. Please attend and bring food, if you can not bring food, then there will be no fun.\
	Jonah: isn\'92t there an admission charge?\
	Andrea: No, it\'92s free.\
	Jonah is outraged.\
\
-> Discussion of girls night\'85 There will only be 3 people.\
\
-> Club fair preparation:\
	Andrea: The club fair is tomorrow, and we know what time it is. It is from 3:00 till 5:00. If you can be at the table please come between 3:00 and 5:00 for the Club fair. There is a sign up sheet as well.\
	- Issue of VR demos,\
	Andrea: It\'92s not really an ACM thing and I think we\'92re misrepresenting ourself when we get into VR demos.\
\
-> The Hackathon Notice\
	Juan: The Hackathon is coming up, come see me if you want to sign up. It will be from the 12th to the 13th of February.\
\
-> The Special Games Project\
	Andrea: There is a Fire fighter that wants to make a game. He has an idea, and he wants us to help him make a game for iPhones, and Androids. So if you want to help with that we should look into that afterward.\
	Jonah: does that mean he\'92s inclined to do something, or that he has a general idea or what?\
	Andrea: Who knows? Talk to him, see what he wants. You might even get payed\'85maybe.\
	Jonah: How do you know he\'92s a firefighter? How do you know he\'92s not a stripper dressed as a firefighter?\
	Andrea: Because Clare said so.\
	Andrea: there\'92s not super much information, which means you\'92ll probably get to be your own boss, and make your own decisions.\
\
-> Join the compass\
	Andrea: it is very important that you join the compass, because if you do, I can brag about you to the OSA, and they can give me more money, and/or be nicer to me.\
	Jonah: That\'92s a good idea.\
	David: yeah Jonah.\
	Jonah: I\'92M ON THERE! I was like the second person on there.\
}