{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
ACM Meeting Notes - 02/10\
\
-> Minecraft server\
	Andrea: I know I didn\'92t send out the weekly in-mail. I am truly very sorry for that.\
	Jonah: Despicable\'85\
	Andrea: I have every confidence that people know where this meeting is. So We have a Minecraft server running in CNU right now. You can go on it at any time. It\'92s run by the ACM. \
	David: Could we actually have donations on it. Where if people use it, we come up with notifications in the Chat boxes or something.\
	Jonah: we should charge people to use it.\
\
-> Fundraisers\
	Andrea: We need to look at fundraisers. I am very jealous of spectrum right now. We need to over take them, and Jonah\'85 We need to flip tables for money.\
	Richard: We need to do more live streaming games stuff. \
	Andrea: maybe if we brought in a speaker for something we could set something up.\
\
-> Hackathon coming close\
	Andrea: The Hackathon is near, Juan.\
	Juan: Yes, it\'92s too late to sign up for teams, but for those who have signed up, just incase you haven\'92t come to any of the meetings, which you should, it\'92s from the 12th to the 13th, this Thursday and Friday.\
	David: Who is organizing it so we can ask them to send a notice to professors.\
	Juan: Riedl.\
\
-> Replay for life\
	Andrea: We need to remember to sign up for Replay for life. It\'92s coming up soon.\
	\
Conch will select the winner for this week -|}