Meeting Notes for 14 April, 2015

Richard: Okay, so Andrea isn't going to be able to make it, and she left meeting notes to cover for this week,
      so lets go over those.
      
      
Lan Party
*********

Richard: Okay, so when are we going to do Lan Party?
Jonah: When's reading day?
Karl: Do we have one this semester?
Jonah: The Night before, the middle of the week?
Jacob: I think that we only have one this semester. Right.
So we could have a Lan party Saturday Night, the night before reading day.

Fundraising
***********

Jonah: (Reads from paper) Fundraisier Mr. Lazar.
Karl: yes we need to do something for the fundraiser.
Jonah: I was thinking about that, I'm going to talk to the OSA, and say that we want to do the fundraiser, but we
        need the space outside the DSU, so we can use the monitor I have, and that's good. It's probably not going
        to break because it's glass but if we were going to do it, if wqould be good.
Richard: And if all else fails we can go to like a hardware store and pick up some crappy things.
Jonah: Yeah, but if anyone wants to donate office supplies I'm sure most of it will come back in fine condition.
Jacob: Whe is this happening?
Richard: Probably during dinals week at some point.
        That WAY WHEN people are leaving the DSU and they're all stressed out and angry about their exams, they can take it out
        on stuff on the smashing table.


Membership Renewal
******************

Richard: Yeah guys, so don't forget we have membership renewal, because it's getting clsoe to the end of the year, and we need to
        organize how we're going to work through this, and just rmemeber to renew your membership at some point.
Jonah: It lasts a year after you do it right?
Richard: Right, so a year after you get the membership.
Richard: There was another thing I was going to bring up.


Jonah: Cupcakes...
Richard: I could go for some cupcakes right about now.
        What was I going to say...

Replay For Life
***************

David: Replay for Life?
Richard: Yes! Replay for life!
Jonah: Oh yeah. I take it we're not going to do it this semester.
Richard: No, partially because I planned it in March, and it's not April, and only one email was sent out ever for it.
          So I basically set up everything, and told andrea what we were goign to do, and have it MArch 18th.
          I checked the sign ups, and I was the only one who signed up. So Next semester I will make it my duty to do this.

Dealing with VESPA and Creech Rules
***********************************

Richard: So we've had problems with VESPA in the past. I know a lto of people in the club, but we have to find a way to
          deal with them. They were the principle problem we had druning Lan Parties. Aparently even after we reserved
          different rooms.
Jacob: It became only a matter of time before the rules for the creech were put up after all the drama.
Richard: So the rules have taken effect. They've actually removed all the computers from almost all the computers in the creech.
Jonah: Thank God... for Jesus!
Richard: They have also blocked steam.
Richard: However, they have only blocked steam on a particular path, so if you move the exe you can still open it up.
(laughter in the room)
Jacob: so they didn't really block it, they just put it on hold.


Richard: So I don't know what else is to be dicussed. I guess we're done.

Meeting End
***********
